Daniel green/service catalog manage entries update (#23344)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/manage_entries.md

Datadog App Builder is in private beta. Complete the form to request access.
{{< /callout >}}

### Create Software Template Workflows Using Cookiecutter
To setup software templates in Datadog, start by setting up a git repository with the template you wish to use, and then navigate to [Workflow Automation][14] to setup in Datadog. A common choice for templating is [Cookiecutter](https://www.cookiecutter.io/), an open-source project for project templates and auto-generating new projects. 
1. **Create a workflow with below steps**:
   - Download the template repository files
   - Generate the new project files from the template via Cookiecutter
   - Deploy the new project files back to the repository
2. **Navigate to App Builder**:
   - Create a new app for templating
   - Create a form that collects the required parameters for your template
   - Add a button that submits the form, triggers the workflow created in Step 1, and passes in the parameters for your template
   - Save & publish the app

  {{< img src="tracing/service_catalog/workflowtemplate.png" alt="Workflow for building software template automation" style="width:100%;" >}}

>   {{< img src="tracing/service_catalog/template-application.png" alt="Application for managing software templates through App Builder" style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: @dgreen15 We'll need to update these images to remove PII (like names). We have a tool called Pawparazzi to help with that. You can read more about that here: https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/docs4docs/pages/1985314888/Screenshots+and+Videos. I'm also happy to help if needed!

    customField2: customValue2
{{< /code-block >}}

## Automate common workflows
Use [Workflow Automation][14] and [App Builder][24] to automate end-to-end processes. They integrate with Datadog's Service Catalog to enable dynamic and self-service workflows.

{{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/datadog-app-builder" d-toggle="modal" d_target="#signupModal" custom_class="sign-up-trigger">}}
  Datadog App Builder is in private beta. Complete the form to request access.
{{< /callout >}} 

### Create software template workflows using Cookiecutter

> To use software templates in Datadog, create a git repository with the desired template. Then, navigate to the [Workflow Automation][26] page to configure the template in Datadog. A common choice for templating is [Cookiecutter][25], an open source project for project templates and auto-generating new projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cookiecutter][25] is an open source library for creating and using microservice and project templates. To use a Cookiecutter template in Datadog, complete the following steps.
```
